This file is a description of the files included in psuthesis.tar.
These files were assembled in Fall 2005 by M. Stark (original files
written by Stephen G. Simpson, Math Dept., and are available to
download from http://cac.psu.edu/etd/howto/tex/index.html).  Some of
the files in this tared version were modified from the original
versions specifically for Astronomy Dept. use, and others were
modified to include new Thesis Office requirements (i.e., inclusion of
a "Committee Page" in the eTD in place of a "Signature Page", but
keeping the "Signature Page" around to be printed, signed, and turned
into the Thesis Office to keep on record).



"apj.bst" - a slightly altered version of the ApJ bibliography style
which actually works much better than the version installed on some
department computers (mainly this version can deal with two
first-author papers published in the same year, whereas the version on
my work computer could not).  To use this version, simply keep it in
the directory where you compile your thesis file.

"ayphdthesis_mod.bst" - BibTeX bibliography format file which makes
bibs that look like the psuthesis.bst format (this format is
unnecessary, and makes for an insanely long bibliography section),
however it allows the (Author year) citation style in the text**

"deluxetable.sty" - allows use of AASTeX deluxetables in your thesis

"doublespace.sty" - this has to do with allowing the thesis to be
double spaced, it is called by psuthesis.cls (double spacing is not
necessary for an eTD, but it is necessary for a paper thesis [2004
guidelines], it is also used for formatting the title page - so you
can't get rid of it if you are doing an eTD)

mythesis.tex - "example" thesis file, with lots of comments and
directions, this is a good place to start your own thesis from

"psuthesis.bst" - the "original" bibliography format file (I never
actually used this because the alternate one ayphdthesis_mod.bst
allowed the "(author year)" citation style, while this one does not)**

"psuthesis.cls" - the actual class file to format everything properly
following the correct thesis guidelines

"psuthesis2side.cls" - similar to psuthesis.cls, but adjusts the way
the margins and page numbers are positioned so the thesis can be
printed double-sided (like a book).  THIS FORMAT IS NOT AN ACCEPTABLE
FORMAT TO SUBMIT A FINAL (PRINTED OR eTD) PSU THESIS!  However, it is
a lot nicer for making double-sided, printed/bound copies for your own
personal use or to give to your committee members.  If you want to use
the two-sided format, then replace the declaration
"\documentclass[11pt]{psuthesis}" at the start of mythesis.tex with
"\documentclass[11pt]{psuthesis2side}".



** = according to the grad school thesis guide (c2005), there is no
  special formating required for the bibliography: "you will need to
  follow a scholarly style manual in your field or perhaps a recent
  issue of a leading journal as a guide in compiling this section of
  the thesis". So, instead of using either of these two bibliography
  styles, it is perfectly OK to just use "apj" to get citations which
  we are all familiar with (i.e., enter "\bibliographystyle{apj}" in
  place of either "psuthesis" or "ayphdthesis", apj "should" be
  already known to latex so you shouldn't have to download it
  specially). The apj style is currently the one included in the
  example thesis file (although the ayphdthesis_mod is written in
  there, but commented out, so it is easy to switch between them).
  One Note: I had problems with the version of apj.bst installed on my
  work computer: it could not deal with two first-author papers
  published in the same year. I found a slightly altered version which
  actually works much better. The altered version is what I have made
  available in this tar file.
